I'd like you to meet dr. David Morton
and dr. Edward Walker dr. Morton is an
expert on mangosteen and dr. Walker has
done extensive research on the benefits
of Zhang goes bioactive x3 complex
welcome doctors thank you dr. Walker
please tell us more about bioactive x3
it would be a pleasure Beverly bioactive
x3 complex refers to the three core
elements in glimpse all from the
mangosteen these are miraculous gifts
from the mangosteen and they are
exclusive to zengo we own it the first
bio active ingredient is Parrikar boil
which calms inflammation and restores
luminosity to the skin it gives your
skin that healthy glow just like when we
were young the second bioactive is a
polymeric complex a powerful antioxidant
to neutralize the aging effects of free
radicals on the skin and we can all
benefit from a clearer brighter more
radiant complexion and the third element
is bioactive acidic complex which gently
reinforces the skins abilities to keep
itself clean and healthy so it's
safeguards the skin from various
environmental factors exactly each
element in and of itself is
extraordinary but when all three are
brought together the power of each is
increased exponentially what about the
research that's been conducted on
bioactive x3 and what benefits does it
provide the skin well this exclusive
blend of threes anthone complexes is
shown an in vitro studies to call the
signs of inflammation promote collagen
production and protect the skin against
the oxidizing effects free radicals yes
this is true our in vitro studies
solidify mangosteens new tree
moleskine benefits the power we knew was
there all along what did you think of
our final formulations simply astounding
no one else is doing this the
proprietary bioactive x3 is really just
the beginning xango has developed an
exclusive bio fermentation process and
mangosteen infused water which is the
first ingredient in all six formulations
additionally cold processing of all the
active ingredients further enhances the
integrity in the bioactive nature of
glimpse thank you dr. Walker now dr.
Morton can you tell us just a little bit
about the connection between glimpse and
the colors of the mangosteen the
mangosteen perry carp oil is a bright
almost neon yellow so this explains the
beautiful color variations and all six
formulas exactly that indicates the
formulations are extremely rich in
xanthones in fact the name xanthos in
greek means yellow and the mangosteen
perry carp is a rich red color so the
gel cleanser the toner and the serum all
have that beautiful soft amber tent to
them that's because the phytonutrients
from mangosteen in these products are in
a very potent state so that's the secret
of glimpse xango is creating the
category for topical skin nutrition
exclusively yours and the potent
powerful concentrations of mangosteen
our scientists have done a number of
studies on our new bioactive x3 complex
and here with me today is Tony Wang
director personal care product
development for xango and dr. pavina
posing a board certified family
physician with special training in
anti-aging medicine welcome Tony how has
the bioactive x3 complex performed in
laboratory tests very good with tessa
complex for multiple indicators i mean
you can see laredo's in this chart
collagen production was dramatically
enhanced collagen is so important for
firm healthy youthful looking skin this
next chart indicates how content of
melanin sales in human skin kiss your
job after treatments with the bioactive
like three complex this is great news
Tony for people who already have UV
damage from sun exposure and we are all
excited by the results from our
anti-inflammation testing in rem virtual
studies indicate that two types of non
inflammatory substances are
significantly reduced by bio active x3
you can see the result on the charts
it's amazing dr. pasang can you share
your findings on inflammation and
antioxidant support information is a
factor in many serious conditions
knowing that the x3 complex can home
inflammation is very significant we all
have heard about the importance of anti
Saddam's one of the most popular
antioxidants on the market right now is
green tea is antioxidant ability scores
a 70,000 there's a pretty impressive
number but it doesn't compare to the 2
million plus mark of the bioactive
polymeric complex in glimpse dr. person
can you explain how bioactive x3 is
created we used a special scientific
process called bio fermentation bio
fermentation has been used in food and
healthcare science for centuries but it
has only recently been introduced in the
skincare industry exactly we harvest the
mangosteen pericarp and then what
happens using pressure Tom and a series
of unique natural fermentation agents we
sleep out the nutrients without the use
of harsh chemicals the special bio
fermentation process makes the nutrients
and glimpse more bioavailable to your
body naturally our bioactive x3 complex
is readily absorbed delivering essential
nutrients that your skin needs thank you
Tony and thank you doctor poor thing
Google glimpse is tested by
dermatologists glimpses pure and natural
glimpses bioavailable your skin will
just drink it up and thank you for it
doctors recommend glimpse because it is
toxin free when you show the glimpse
intuitive skin care system to your
friends and family they are going to ask
what makes this so special you now have
the answers bioactive x3 complex glimpse
protects your skin and your help glympse
prevents further skin damage it's pure
mangosteen science glimpse is made with
natural botanical ingredients it's safe
and toxin free clips is a whole new
standard the way I see it
it's a glimpse of a better future for my
skin for everybody scared